libraries/adaptive-expressions/README.MD, before:

### Introduction
Bots, like any other application, require use of expressions to evaluate outcome of a condition based on runtime information available in memory or to the dialog or the language generation system.

Common expression language was put together to address this core need as well as to rationalize and snap to a common expression language that will be used across Bot Framework SDK and other conversational AI components that need an expression language.

[More info](https://github.com/microsoft/BotBuilder-Samples/tree/master/experimental/common-expression-language)

See [API reference for Expression](https://github.com/microsoft/BotBuilder-Samples/blob/master/experimental/common-expression-language/api-reference.md) for API reference.

See [Here](https://github.com/microsoft/BotBuilder-Samples/blob/master/experimental/common-expression-language/prebuilt-functions.md) for a complete list of prebuilt functions supported by the common expression language library.

### develop
```
    npm install
    npm run build
    npm test
```

Commit message:

Remove antlr auto build with build/test script (#2259)
* Remove antlrbuild with build/test and refine some doc

* expand the lggenerator test time limitation

libraries/adaptive-expressions/README.MD, after:

### Introduction
Bots, like any other application, require use of expressions to evaluate outcome of a condition based on runtime information available in memory or to the dialog or the language generation system.

Common expression language was put together to address this core need as well as to rationalize and snap to a common expression language that will be used across Bot Framework SDK and other conversational AI components that need an expression language.

[More info](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-adaptive-expressions?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)

See [API reference for Expression](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/adaptive-expressions/adaptive-expressions-api-reference?view=azure-bot-service-4.0) for API reference.

See [Here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/adaptive-expressions/adaptive-expressions-prebuilt-functions?view=azure-bot-service-4.0) for a complete list of prebuilt functions supported by the common expression language library.

### develop
```
    npm install
    npm run build
    npm test
```

If you changed the g4 file, please use `antlr-build-expression` and `antlr-build-commonregex` to generate latest lexer/parser. By the way, You will need to have a modern version of Java (>= JRE 1.6) to use it.
